README.md, before:


![](DG4IEcsUIAAje5w.jpg)

### List of companies that did not sign or dropped from the NYA *(aka B2X or SegWit2x)*

- **[Add your name too ➕](https://github.com/nob2x/NOB2X/edit/master/README.md)**
- [99Bitcoins](https://99bitcoins.com) - Bitcoin blog and information site
- [2Bitcoins](https://2bitcoins.ru) - Russian Bitcoin news and mining portal
- [Acinq](https://acinq.co) - Bitcoin LN scalability provider
- Anycoin Direct - European Bitcoin broker
- Article Project (https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/article-project/id1290614799?mt=8) - Bitcoin Microblog
- [Azteco](https://azte.co) - Consumer Bitcoin
- Belgacoin - Large European Bitcoin exchange/broker
- [Bernstein](https://www.bernstein.io) - Blockchain-based solutions for intellectual property protection
- [Bet King](https://betking.io/blog/segwit2x-hard-fork/) - Crowd funded Bitcoin casino
- [BHB.network](http://bhb.network) - Applied research lab - Consultancy firm, competence center and incubator
- Bisq - Decentralized Bitcoin exchange
- bit2c - Israel's top Bitcoin exchange
- Bitaccess - Canadian Bitcoin ATM network
- BitBargain - UK Bitcoin exchange
- [BitBay](https://twitter.com/BitBayofficial/status/896085144913694720) - Bitcoin broker based in Poland
- [BitBond](https://www.bitbond.com/) - Peer-to-peer Bitcoin loans
- [Bitmex](https://www.bitmex.com/) - Bitcoin Exchange
- [BitcoinBrains](http://bitcoinbrains.com) - Canada ATMs and online brokerage service
- Bitcoin Cambodia - Cambodian Bitcoin broker
- Bitcoin Romania - Largest Romanian Bitcoin exchange & broker
- bitcoin.co.id - Indonesia's largest Bitcoin exchange
- bitcoin.co.th - One of Thailand's largest Bitcoin brokers/exchange
- Bitcoin.de - One of Europe's largest P2P Bitcoin exchanges
- [BitcoinReminder](https://bitcoinreminder.com/informations/poli/) - Notification service
- [BitcoinSolutions](http://bitcoinsolutions.ca) - Buy and sell bitcoin online and at Canada ATMs
- Bitfinex - One of the world's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- Bitit - European Bitcoin broker
- [BitKong](https://bitkong.com) - Fun & Addictive, provably fair bitcoin game
- [BitNational](https://bitnational.com) - Canada's Bitcoin ATM network
- [Bitonic](https://bitonic.nl/en/news/138/our-position-on-scaling-proposals) - Dutch Bitcoin broker
- BitPanda - One of Europe's largest Bitcoin brokers
- [BitPremier](https://bitpremier.com) - The Bitcoin luxury marketplace
- BitQuick - Major cash to Bitcoin exchange in the USA
- [Bitrated](https://medium.com/@shesek/why-i-dont-support-the-compromise-efforts-9d73a8cce6be) - Trust and rating system
- [Bitrefill](https://twitter.com/bitrefill/status/896300829841510400) - Mobile phone topups with Bitcoin
- Bitrush - Dutch Bitcoin broker
- Bits of Gold - Israel's largest Bitcoin broker
- Bitsewa - Nepal's largest Bitcoin exchange
- Bitstamp - One of the world's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- [Bitstop](https://twitter.com/bitstopofficial/status/895317733679669250) - Bitcoin ATM operator
- [Blockstream](http://blockstream.com) - Blockchain technologies provider
- BuyaBitcoin - Australian cash to bitcoin exchange
- [Buy Bitcoin Worldwide](https://www.buybitcoinworldwide.com/) - Bitcoin informational site
- [Bylls](https://twitter.com/francispouliot_/status/895682101911146497) - Pay bills using Bitcoin
- [Catallaxy](http://catallaxy.com) - Blockchain solutions and support
- CEX.io - Top global Bitcoin and crypto exchange
- [Chaincode](http://chaincode.com) - Bitcoin technologies R&D
- [Chainside](https://www.chainside.net/) - Payment processor 
- [Ciphrex](https://twitter.com/ciphrex/status/895161633005346817) - Wallet
- Coin Loft - Australian cash to Bitcoin exchange
- [Coincards.ca](http://www.coincards.ca) - Canada's Bitcoin to Gift Card Exchange Service
- Coincheck - One of Japan's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- CoinCorner - European Bitcoin broker
- [CoinFalcon](https://coinfalcon.com) - European Bitcoin exchange
- Coinfloor - European Bitcoin broker and exchange
- CoinHako - One of Singapore's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- coinhouse - Credit card to Bitcoin broker run by Ledger
- CoinJar - Australian Bitcoin broker
- [Coinkite](https://coinkite.com) - Bitcoin infrastructure solutions
- CoinMama - One of the world's largest credit card to Bitcoin brokers
- [CryptoAsylum](http://www.cryptoasylum.ca) - Official Reseller of Hardware Wallets
- [Crypto.bg](https://crypto.bg/) - Leading bitcoin exchange broker in Bulgaria
- Cryptobuyer - Venezeulan Bitcoin exchange
- CryptoFacilities - Broker specializing in bitcoin derivatives
- [Cryptopay](https://cryptopay.me/) - Bitcoin Wallet & Debit Card.
- Cubits - European Bitcoin broker
- [Denarium](https://denarium.com) - Physical BTC coins
- [Digitalbitbox](http://digitalbitbox.com) - Bitcoin hardware wallet
- Electrum - Bitcoin desktop wallet
- [F2Pool](https://www.coindesk.com/f2pool-reneges-mining-pool-pulls-segwit2x-support-hard-fork/) - Mining Pool
- [Flyp.me](https://flyp.me) - Accountless crypto-to-crypto exchange
- FOXBIT - Brazilian Bitcoin exchange
- Gemini - One of the world's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- GreenAddress - Bitcoin web wallet
- [Helperbit](https://helperbit.com) - P2P transparent donation and insurance platform
- [HolyTransaction](https://holytransaction.com) - One of the oldest multi-currency web wallet
- itBit - OTC Bitcoin trading
- [inbitcoin](https://inbitcoin.it) - Payment processor and bitcoin wallet
- Kraken - World's largest EUR Bitcoin exchange based on volume
- LakeBTC - Bitcoin exchange
- LibertyX - Major US cash to Bitcoin exchange
- Lightning Labs - Building lightning network layer 2 infrastructure
- LocalBitcoins - World's largest P2P Bitcoin exchange
- MaiCoin - Taiwanese Bitcoin exchange
- Mercado Bitcoin - Brazilian Bitcoin exchange
- [Metaco](https://metaco.com) - Payment solutions
- Mycelium - Popular Android Bitcoin wallet
- Nairaex - Nigeria's largest Bitcoin exchange
- [NeoDisrupt](https://neodisrupt.com) - Global cash to Bitcoin exchange, DAX and payment processing
- [OpenTimestamps](https://opentimestamps.org) - Scalable timestamping with Bitcoin
- [OXT](https://oxt.me) - Blockchain explorer
- Ozzie Bitcoins - Bitcoin and Monero trader based in Australia
- [Paycase](https://paycase.com) - Paycase Remit
- Paymium - Bitcoin broker based in France
- Poloniex - World's largest cryptocurrency exchange
- [Prasos](https://twitter.com/technom4ge/status/895679121803685888) - Leading Nordic bitcoin broker
- [QuickBT](https://twitter.com/QuickBT/status/899159626725302272) - Buy Bitcoin with Debit, Credit, or Cash
- [Samourai Wallet](https://samouraiwallet.com) - Android Bitcoin wallet
- Satoshi Counter - Canadian OTC Bitcoin exchange
- Satoshi Tango - Latin American Bitcoin exchange
- [Signatura](https://signatura.co) - Blockchain-based digital signatures
- [Simple Bitcoin Wallet](https://btcontract.com/#trusted-node) - Android Bitcoin wallet
- Slush Pool - Bitcoin mining pool
- SurBitcoin - Venezuela's largest Bitcoin exchange
- [TenX](https://www.tenx.tech/) - Bitcoin wallet with physical debit card
- TREZOR - Hardware Bitcoin wallet
- [The Bitcoin Report](http://www.thebitcoinreport.nl/) - Media Company
- United Bitcoiners - Micropayment solutions based in Japan
- Urdubit - Bitcoin exchange based in Pakistan
- VirWoX - World's largest Paypal to Bitcoin exchange
- Volabit - Mexican Bitcoin exchange
- Vaultoro
- Wall of Coins - Major US cash to Bitcoin exchange]
- Walltime - Brazilian Bitcoin exchange
- Wayniloans - Payment processor 
- [WEX.nz](https://wex.nz/news/3) - Bitcoin exchange (formerly BTC-e)
- [XBT.eu](https://www.xbt.eu) - Bitcoin Blockchain Statistics
- [Xotika.tv](https://twitter.com/bitcoinerrorlog/status/895335674471043073) - Bitcoin Social Video-Streaming Platform
- Zebpay - One of India's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- GreenlawnGs - First non tech company to accept bitcoin in N Ireland
### Need clarification:

- Huobi - Chinese Bitcoin exchange
- OKCoin - Chinese Bitcoin exchange

### Does not run full nodes:

- [breadwallet](https://twitter.com/breadwalletapp/status/895368562096955392) - Most popular iOS Bitcoin wallet

## Maybe / Unsure

- [Bittylicious](https://twitter.com/Bittylicious_/status/896052556140380160) - One of the UK's largest Bitcoin brokers

## Will Support Post Fork

- [Ledger Wallet](https://twitter.com/BTChip/status/896056752948486148) - Hardware Bitcoin wallet

---
*This list originated from a reddit collection later posted on [PasteBin](https://pastebin.com/ek5V1grM).
If you see something wrong, changed your mind or want to be added? Just make a [PR here](https://github.com/nob2x/nob2x/pulls)*

Other [lists to check out on Bitcoin Wiki](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Segwit_support)

Commit message:

add meetup groups and other organizations

README.md, after:


![](DG4IEcsUIAAje5w.jpg)

## List of companies and organizations that did not sign or dropped from the NYA *(aka B2X or SegWit2x)*

- **[Add your name too ➕](https://github.com/nob2x/NOB2X/edit/master/README.md)**

### Companies

- [99Bitcoins](https://99bitcoins.com) - Bitcoin blog and information site
- [2Bitcoins](https://2bitcoins.ru) - Russian Bitcoin news and mining portal
- [Acinq](https://acinq.co) - Bitcoin LN scalability provider
- Anycoin Direct - European Bitcoin broker
- Article Project (https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/article-project/id1290614799?mt=8) - Bitcoin Microblog
- [Azteco](https://azte.co) - Consumer Bitcoin
- Belgacoin - Large European Bitcoin exchange/broker
- [Bernstein](https://www.bernstein.io) - Blockchain-based solutions for intellectual property protection
- [Bet King](https://betking.io/blog/segwit2x-hard-fork/) - Crowd funded Bitcoin casino
- [BHB.network](http://bhb.network) - Applied research lab - Consultancy firm, competence center and incubator
- Bisq - Decentralized Bitcoin exchange
- bit2c - Israel's top Bitcoin exchange
- Bitaccess - Canadian Bitcoin ATM network
- BitBargain - UK Bitcoin exchange
- [BitBay](https://twitter.com/BitBayofficial/status/896085144913694720) - Bitcoin broker based in Poland
- [BitBond](https://www.bitbond.com/) - Peer-to-peer Bitcoin loans
- [Bitmex](https://www.bitmex.com/) - Bitcoin Exchange
- [BitcoinBrains](http://bitcoinbrains.com) - Canada ATMs and online brokerage service
- Bitcoin Cambodia - Cambodian Bitcoin broker
- Bitcoin Romania - Largest Romanian Bitcoin exchange & broker
- bitcoin.co.id - Indonesia's largest Bitcoin exchange
- bitcoin.co.th - One of Thailand's largest Bitcoin brokers/exchange
- Bitcoin.de - One of Europe's largest P2P Bitcoin exchanges
- [BitcoinReminder](https://bitcoinreminder.com/informations/poli/) - Notification service
- [BitcoinSolutions](http://bitcoinsolutions.ca) - Buy and sell bitcoin online and at Canada ATMs
- Bitfinex - One of the world's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- Bitit - European Bitcoin broker
- [BitKong](https://bitkong.com) - Fun & Addictive, provably fair bitcoin game
- [BitNational](https://bitnational.com) - Canada's Bitcoin ATM network
- [Bitonic](https://bitonic.nl/en/news/138/our-position-on-scaling-proposals) - Dutch Bitcoin broker
- BitPanda - One of Europe's largest Bitcoin brokers
- [BitPremier](https://bitpremier.com) - The Bitcoin luxury marketplace
- BitQuick - Major cash to Bitcoin exchange in the USA
- [Bitrated](https://medium.com/@shesek/why-i-dont-support-the-compromise-efforts-9d73a8cce6be) - Trust and rating system
- [Bitrefill](https://twitter.com/bitrefill/status/896300829841510400) - Mobile phone topups with Bitcoin
- Bitrush - Dutch Bitcoin broker
- Bits of Gold - Israel's largest Bitcoin broker
- Bitsewa - Nepal's largest Bitcoin exchange
- Bitstamp - One of the world's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- [Bitstop](https://twitter.com/bitstopofficial/status/895317733679669250) - Bitcoin ATM operator
- [Blockstream](http://blockstream.com) - Blockchain technologies provider
- BuyaBitcoin - Australian cash to bitcoin exchange
- [Buy Bitcoin Worldwide](https://www.buybitcoinworldwide.com/) - Bitcoin informational site
- [Bylls](https://twitter.com/francispouliot_/status/895682101911146497) - Pay bills using Bitcoin
- [Catallaxy](http://catallaxy.com) - Blockchain solutions and support
- CEX.io - Top global Bitcoin and crypto exchange
- [Chaincode](http://chaincode.com) - Bitcoin technologies R&D
- [Chainside](https://www.chainside.net/) - Payment processor 
- [Ciphrex](https://twitter.com/ciphrex/status/895161633005346817) - Wallet
- Coin Loft - Australian cash to Bitcoin exchange
- [Coincards.ca](http://www.coincards.ca) - Canada's Bitcoin to Gift Card Exchange Service
- Coincheck - One of Japan's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- CoinCorner - European Bitcoin broker
- [CoinFalcon](https://coinfalcon.com) - European Bitcoin exchange
- Coinfloor - European Bitcoin broker and exchange
- CoinHako - One of Singapore's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- coinhouse - Credit card to Bitcoin broker run by Ledger
- CoinJar - Australian Bitcoin broker
- [Coinkite](https://coinkite.com) - Bitcoin infrastructure solutions
- CoinMama - One of the world's largest credit card to Bitcoin brokers
- [CryptoAsylum](http://www.cryptoasylum.ca) - Official Reseller of Hardware Wallets
- [Crypto.bg](https://crypto.bg/) - Leading bitcoin exchange broker in Bulgaria
- Cryptobuyer - Venezeulan Bitcoin exchange
- CryptoFacilities - Broker specializing in bitcoin derivatives
- [Cryptopay](https://cryptopay.me/) - Bitcoin Wallet & Debit Card.
- Cubits - European Bitcoin broker
- [Denarium](https://denarium.com) - Physical BTC coins
- [Digitalbitbox](http://digitalbitbox.com) - Bitcoin hardware wallet
- Electrum - Bitcoin desktop wallet
- [F2Pool](https://www.coindesk.com/f2pool-reneges-mining-pool-pulls-segwit2x-support-hard-fork/) - Mining Pool
- [Flyp.me](https://flyp.me) - Accountless crypto-to-crypto exchange
- FOXBIT - Brazilian Bitcoin exchange
- Gemini - One of the world's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- GreenAddress - Bitcoin web wallet
- [Helperbit](https://helperbit.com) - P2P transparent donation and insurance platform
- [HolyTransaction](https://holytransaction.com) - One of the oldest multi-currency web wallet
- itBit - OTC Bitcoin trading
- [inbitcoin](https://inbitcoin.it) - Payment processor and bitcoin wallet
- Kraken - World's largest EUR Bitcoin exchange based on volume
- LakeBTC - Bitcoin exchange
- LibertyX - Major US cash to Bitcoin exchange
- Lightning Labs - Building lightning network layer 2 infrastructure
- LocalBitcoins - World's largest P2P Bitcoin exchange
- MaiCoin - Taiwanese Bitcoin exchange
- Mercado Bitcoin - Brazilian Bitcoin exchange
- [Metaco](https://metaco.com) - Payment solutions
- Mycelium - Popular Android Bitcoin wallet
- Nairaex - Nigeria's largest Bitcoin exchange
- [NeoDisrupt](https://neodisrupt.com) - Global cash to Bitcoin exchange, DAX and payment processing
- [OpenTimestamps](https://opentimestamps.org) - Scalable timestamping with Bitcoin
- [OXT](https://oxt.me) - Blockchain explorer
- Ozzie Bitcoins - Bitcoin and Monero trader based in Australia
- [Paycase](https://paycase.com) - Paycase Remit
- Paymium - Bitcoin broker based in France
- Poloniex - World's largest cryptocurrency exchange
- [Prasos](https://twitter.com/technom4ge/status/895679121803685888) - Leading Nordic bitcoin broker
- [QuickBT](https://twitter.com/QuickBT/status/899159626725302272) - Buy Bitcoin with Debit, Credit, or Cash
- [Samourai Wallet](https://samouraiwallet.com) - Android Bitcoin wallet
- Satoshi Counter - Canadian OTC Bitcoin exchange
- Satoshi Tango - Latin American Bitcoin exchange
- [Signatura](https://signatura.co) - Blockchain-based digital signatures
- [Simple Bitcoin Wallet](https://btcontract.com/#trusted-node) - Android Bitcoin wallet
- Slush Pool - Bitcoin mining pool
- SurBitcoin - Venezuela's largest Bitcoin exchange
- [TenX](https://www.tenx.tech/) - Bitcoin wallet with physical debit card
- TREZOR - Hardware Bitcoin wallet
- [The Bitcoin Report](http://www.thebitcoinreport.nl/) - Media Company
- United Bitcoiners - Micropayment solutions based in Japan
- Urdubit - Bitcoin exchange based in Pakistan
- VirWoX - World's largest Paypal to Bitcoin exchange
- Volabit - Mexican Bitcoin exchange
- Vaultoro
- Wall of Coins - Major US cash to Bitcoin exchange]
- Walltime - Brazilian Bitcoin exchange
- Wayniloans - Payment processor 
- [WEX.nz](https://wex.nz/news/3) - Bitcoin exchange (formerly BTC-e)
- [XBT.eu](https://www.xbt.eu) - Bitcoin Blockchain Statistics
- [Xotika.tv](https://twitter.com/bitcoinerrorlog/status/895335674471043073) - Bitcoin Social Video-Streaming Platform
- Zebpay - One of India's largest Bitcoin exchanges
- GreenlawnGs - First non tech company to accept bitcoin in N Ireland

### Meetup groups and other organizations:

- [Bitcoin Munich Meetup](https://twitter.com/bitcoinerrorlog/status/895335674471043073)
- [laBITconf](https://twitter.com/bitcoinerrorlog/status/895335674471043073)
- [Seoul Bitcoin Meetup](https://twitter.com/bitcoinerrorlog/status/895335674471043073)

### Need clarification:

- Huobi - Chinese Bitcoin exchange
- OKCoin - Chinese Bitcoin exchange

### Does not run full nodes:

- [breadwallet](https://twitter.com/breadwalletapp/status/895368562096955392) - Most popular iOS Bitcoin wallet

## Maybe / Unsure

- [Bittylicious](https://twitter.com/Bittylicious_/status/896052556140380160) - One of the UK's largest Bitcoin brokers

## Will Support Post Fork

- [Ledger Wallet](https://twitter.com/BTChip/status/896056752948486148) - Hardware Bitcoin wallet

---
*This list originated from a reddit collection later posted on [PasteBin](https://pastebin.com/ek5V1grM).
If you see something wrong, changed your mind or want to be added? Just make a [PR here](https://github.com/nob2x/nob2x/pulls)*

Other [lists to check out on Bitcoin Wiki](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Segwit_support)
